in the third year of Cyrus king of
in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a message was revealed to Daniel
Persia a message was revealed to Daniel
Persia a message was revealed to Daniel whose name was called belteshazzar the
whose name was called belteshazzar the
whose name was called belteshazzar the message was true but the appointed time
message was true but the appointed time
message was true but the appointed time was long and he understood the message
was long and he understood the message
was long and he understood the message and had understanding of the vision in
and had understanding of the vision in
and had understanding of the vision in those days I Daniel was mourning three
those days I Daniel was mourning three
those days I Daniel was mourning three full weeks I ate no Pleasant food no
full weeks I ate no Pleasant food no
full weeks I ate no Pleasant food no meat or wine came into my mouth nor did
meat or wine came into my mouth nor did
meat or wine came into my mouth nor did i anoint myself at all till three whole
i anoint myself at all till three whole
i anoint myself at all till three whole weeks were fulfilled now on the 24th day
weeks were fulfilled now on the 24th day
weeks were fulfilled now on the 24th day of the first month as I was by the side
of the first month as I was by the side
of the first month as I was by the side of the great river that is the Tigris I
of the great river that is the Tigris I
of the great river that is the Tigris I lifted my eyes and looked and behold a
lifted my eyes and looked and behold a
lifted my eyes and looked and behold a certain man clothed in linen whose waist
certain man clothed in linen whose waist
certain man clothed in linen whose waist was girded with gold of UEFA's his body
was girded with gold of UEFA's his body
was girded with gold of UEFA's his body was like burl his face like the
was like burl his face like the
was like burl his face like the appearance of lightening his eyes like
appearance of lightening his eyes like
appearance of lightening his eyes like torches of fire his arms and feet like
torches of fire his arms and feet like
torches of fire his arms and feet like burnished bronze in color and the sound
burnished bronze in color and the sound
burnished bronze in color and the sound of his words like the voice of a
of his words like the voice of a
of his words like the voice of a multitude and I daniel alone saw the
multitude and I daniel alone saw the
multitude and I daniel alone saw the vision for the men who were with me did
vision for the men who were with me did
vision for the men who were with me did not see the vision but a great terror
not see the vision but a great terror
not see the vision but a great terror fell upon them so that they fled to hide
fell upon them so that they fled to hide
fell upon them so that they fled to hide themselves therefore I was left alone
themselves therefore I was left alone
themselves therefore I was left alone when I saw this great vision and no
when I saw this great vision and no
when I saw this great vision and no strength remained in me for my vigor was
strength remained in me for my vigor was
strength remained in me for my vigor was turned to frailty in me and I retained
turned to frailty in me and I retained
turned to frailty in me and I retained no strength
no strength
no strength yet I heard the sound of his words and
yet I heard the sound of his words and
yet I heard the sound of his words and while I heard the sound of his words I
while I heard the sound of his words I
while I heard the sound of his words I was in a deep sleep on my face with my
was in a deep sleep on my face with my
was in a deep sleep on my face with my face to the ground suddenly a hand
face to the ground suddenly a hand
face to the ground suddenly a hand touched me which made me tremble on my
touched me which made me tremble on my
touched me which made me tremble on my knees and on the palms of my hands
knees and on the palms of my hands
knees and on the palms of my hands and he said to me Oh Daniel man greatly
and he said to me Oh Daniel man greatly
and he said to me Oh Daniel man greatly beloved understand the words that I
beloved understand the words that I
beloved understand the words that I speak to you and stand upright for I
speak to you and stand upright for I
speak to you and stand upright for I have now been sent to you well he was
have now been sent to you well he was
have now been sent to you well he was speaking this word to me I stood
speaking this word to me I stood
speaking this word to me I stood trembling then he said to me do not fear
trembling then he said to me do not fear
trembling then he said to me do not fear Daniel for from the first day that you
Daniel for from the first day that you
Daniel for from the first day that you set your heart to understand and to
set your heart to understand and to
set your heart to understand and to humble yourself before your God your
humble yourself before your God your
humble yourself before your God your words were heard and I have come because
words were heard and I have come because
words were heard and I have come because of your words but the prince of the
of your words but the prince of the
of your words but the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me 21 days
kingdom of Persia withstood me 21 days
kingdom of Persia withstood me 21 days and behold Michael one of the chief
and behold Michael one of the chief
and behold Michael one of the chief Prince's
Prince's
Prince's came to help me for I had been left
came to help me for I had been left
came to help me for I had been left alone there with the kings of Persia now
alone there with the kings of Persia now
alone there with the kings of Persia now I have come to make you understand what
I have come to make you understand what
I have come to make you understand what will happen to your people in the latter
will happen to your people in the latter
will happen to your people in the latter days for the vision refers to many days
days for the vision refers to many days
days for the vision refers to many days yet to come when he had spoken such
yet to come when he had spoken such
yet to come when he had spoken such words to me I turned my face toward the
words to me I turned my face toward the
words to me I turned my face toward the ground and became speechless
one having the likeness of the sons of
one having the likeness of the sons of men touched my lips then I opened my
men touched my lips then I opened my
men touched my lips then I opened my mouth and spoke saying to him who stood
mouth and spoke saying to him who stood
mouth and spoke saying to him who stood before me my lord because of the vision
before me my lord because of the vision
before me my lord because of the vision my sorrows have overwhelmed me and I
my sorrows have overwhelmed me and I
my sorrows have overwhelmed me and I have retained no strength for how can
have retained no strength for how can
have retained no strength for how can this servant of my lord talk with you my
this servant of my lord talk with you my
this servant of my lord talk with you my lord as for me no strength remains in me
lord as for me no strength remains in me
lord as for me no strength remains in me now nor is any breath left in me then
now nor is any breath left in me then
now nor is any breath left in me then again the one having the likeness of a
again the one having the likeness of a
again the one having the likeness of a man touched me and strengthened me and
man touched me and strengthened me and
man touched me and strengthened me and he said o man greatly beloved fear not
he said o man greatly beloved fear not
he said o man greatly beloved fear not peace be to you
peace be to you
peace be to you be strong yes be strong so when he spoke
be strong yes be strong so when he spoke
be strong yes be strong so when he spoke to me I was strengthened and said let my
to me I was strengthened and said let my
to me I was strengthened and said let my lord speak for you have strengthened me
lord speak for you have strengthened me
lord speak for you have strengthened me then he said do you know why I have come
then he said do you know why I have come
then he said do you know why I have come to you and now I must return to fight
to you and now I must return to fight
to you and now I must return to fight with the Prince of Persia and when I
with the Prince of Persia and when I
with the Prince of Persia and when I have gone forth
have gone forth
have gone forth indeed the Prince of Greece will come
indeed the Prince of Greece will come
indeed the Prince of Greece will come but I will tell you what is noted in the
but I will tell you what is noted in the
but I will tell you what is noted in the scripture of truth
scripture of truth
scripture of truth no one upholds me against these except
no one upholds me against these except
no one upholds me against these except Michael your prince
Michael your prince
Michael your prince [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]